Use mode specific APIs (#40)
nrfconnect/nrf70-bm: README.md

Example code
============

> The repository includes below sample applications for testing and evaluation of the nRF70 Bare Metal library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository includes the below sample applications for the testing and the evaluation of the nRF70 Bare Metal library:
```

1. `BM radio test` sample to perform basic RF testing of the nRF70 Series device, as well as
    Factory Information Configuration Registers (FICR) programming.

2. `BM scan` sample to test Wi-Fi SSID scanning with the nRF70 Series devices.

> 3. `BM scan and radio test combo` sample to demonstrate runtime mode switching between the scan-only and radio test operational modes of the nRF70 Series devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `BM scan and radio test combo` sample to demonstrate runtime switching capability between scan and radio test operational modes for the BM library
```
